README.md, before:

 # :supervillain_man: Batman's Rogues Gallery :supervillain_woman:
 

## Introduction 

Batman's Rogues Gallery is a UI Modal interface featuring some of the most famous (and some not so famous) villains of Gotham City.

## Prerequisites

The gallery is best viewed in the Google Chrome browser.

## Installation

To install the gallery, download all repo files to your computer. Be sure to save them in the same directory (aka folder).

Open index.html in Chrome.

## How it Works

To interact with the gallery, hover over the card featuring the villain about whom you would like more information and click the card. A modal with more detail about the villain will display. 

To close the modal, click the "X" at the top right of the modal or simply click anywhere inside the computer terminal.

## Acknowledgements

* Many thanks to Roger and Noah for teaching me Javascript, HTML, and CSS.
* Character info and images sourced from: https://superheroapi.com/
* Computer terminal background image sourced from: https://www.desktopbackground.org
* Batcave image sourced from: https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net
* Readme template help from: 
    https://dev.to/scottydocs/how-to-write-a-kickass-readme-5af9
* Emoji markdown shortcodes found at:
    https://github.com/ikatyang/emoji-cheat-sheet


### Contact me
https://github.com/michael1visser

Commit message:

updated with save pompeii files

README.md, after:

 # :volcano: Save Pompeii! :cityscape:
 

## Introduction 

Save Pompeii operates the same as the classic game Hangman except in this version you are trying to save the city of Pompeii from the Mt. Vesuvius erruption. 

The volcano is errupting and it's up to you to save Pompeii! Guess letters to complete the chosen word but beware, the more incorrect guesses a player has, the closer the lava gets to the city. :pleading_face:

## Prerequisites

* Save Pompeii is not mobile optimized and operates best on Google's Chrome desktop browser.

## Installation

To install Save Pompeii, download all repository files to your computer. Be sure to save them in the same directory (aka folder).

Open index.html in Chrome and play!

## Playing a Game

To begin, click the Start Game button. 

At the first screen, one player enters a word, a maximum number of guesses (optional), and a time limit (optional). 

On the following screen, another player uses their keyboard or the UI keyboard to guess letters until they guess the word, their chances are exhausted, or time runs out. 

## Acknowledgements

* Thank you to Caitlin Visser for providing the Volcano and Pompeii drawings.

### Contact me
https://github.com/michael1visser
